Update in faq (#394)
typegoose/typegoose: docs/guides/faq.md

A: because Typegoose doesn't modify any Mongoose code, it is still the same as Mongoose's original `new Model()`, you would have to do `new Model({} as Class)` (or sometimes `new Model({} as Partial<Class>)`, because of functions.)

**Note**: since `@types/mongoose@5.7.22` there are typings for `.create`, but are not fully compatible with Typegoose. For more information pleasae read [known-issues](guides/known-issues.md#typesmongoose5722-and-higher)

> # For Edge Cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## For Edge Cases
```

### I want to the return document with property 'id' instead of _id

Just do

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```ts
````

> class Cat{

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
class Cat {
```

 id: mongoose.Types.ObjectId;
 _id: mongoose.Types.ObjectId;
}
```

> without any decorators!
> since mongoose would auto generate virtual 'id' for '_id', and a '_id' when saving.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
without any decorators. Mongoose will auto generate virtual 'id' for '_id', and a '_id' when saving.
```
